Update README.md fix [DataFusion] links (#5438)
apache/datafusion: datafusion-cli/README.md

# DataFusion Command-line Interface

> [DataFusion][df] is an extensible query execution framework, written in Rust, that uses Apache Arrow as its in-memory format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DataFusion]\(df\) is an extensible query execution framework, written in Rust, that uses Apache Arrow as its in-memory format.
```

> [DataFusion]\(df\) is an extensible query execution framework, written in Rust, that uses Apache Arrow as its in-memory format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DataFusion](https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion) is an extensible query execution framework, written in Rust, that uses Apache Arrow as its in-memory format.
```
